kind of excited that they were building
a brand new facility and we're aiming to
have the best facility - how many horses
did you bring with you and what are some
of the wonders some of those names
we brought 19 horses we have 12 two
years and seven three-year-olds and we
have a couple of 56 tourists from last
year celebrity Kate is Larry Bombay 53
paces in celebrity dolphin and celebrity
citation and we have a really nice group
of two-year-olds I think strong floating
fearless and a couple of really nice
words there been any any roadblocks or
anything when you started no not really
the tracks were already done so we've
been able to train have the way we want
to do it's more cosmetic things like
painting and grass salt and stuff like
that that's been going on what sets this
place apart from others at which you've
trained overall we have three tracks we
have a euro shaped five eight mile
limestone track which I really really
like it's probably the best tracking in
Florida in my mind and we have a really
nice trip and deep sand jogging track
how did you find this training facility
here you hit a idea make a little you
might have a d-plus Reid has an effort
so they were out looking Levitan and
found this location which is central to
Vero Beach and a great spot and they
liked the surroundings and like the
formal more this is a beautiful facility
what do you think of the progress on the
construction so far a little pushy that
they store a less than a year ago found
a really good contract in Proctor and
they they have done a great job of
getting the form the shape it is right
now
and together with the great kunde and
they've been to track you what are your
goals for this facility in the coming
years how many horses would you like to
see here how many trainers dolphins 1082
books are we right now it's about 92
stalls on the form and they can expand
that to 110 and they want to have a
little bit smaller nice exclusive
facility so maybe looking to have four
or five trainers here
we've been a gateway this is just
amazing the barns the door shot they
have a different thing there's not a
latch everything's using to wash solve
each barn
multiple homes for equipment it's just
beautiful you know the weather you can't
beat the way when we left a month ago it
was snow and ten degrees below zero I
think is awesome
everything's so open and a lot of here
it's nice
they are always going to the pool after
training the day of the training and
then we have some horses they've been
going a little bit much now they have
like a week ten days off
and then they go into the corner instead
of just going into the paddock the
degrees water you get massage Kramer
yeah - awesome you didn't have any hair
but one up on his head if we go back to
the barn I hold her off put the blanket
on and she gets in a queue you won't
only what it was like this year we
started out we asked to train this year
and to tear things out to make sure
everything is a hundred percent and then
the official opening will be in November
for next year when the form is open and
everything is built